Update trillville/update-branding for AI features branding (#12951)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/product/issues/issue-details/ai-issue-summary/index.mdx

---
title: Issue Summary

> description: "Learn about AI-powered issue summary to get a quick overview of an issue."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Learn how to use Sentry's AI-powered issue summary to get a quick overview of an issue."
```
